now to Texas where apparently Governor
Rick Perry is thinking about hoarding
gold according to The Texas Tribune the
governor has teamed up with state
representative Giovanni Capri Colleoni
to draft legislation that would create
what what would be called the Texas
bullion depository here's what coffered
Leone told the Tribune quote we don't
want certificates we want our gold and
if you're the state of Texas you should
be able to get your get your gold so
with the backing of some Texas lawmakers
the governor wants to transfer the
state's gold reserves from New York back
to the Lone Star State you've heard the
argument for going gold before from a
Republican president Republican
congressman Ron Paul has been a very
vocal supporter of returning to the gold
standard paper money is a moral hazard
encourages people to make a lot of risky
investment mal investments and they
overdo things they over invest so cut
taxes realistically switch over to the
gold standard and what would it mean for
the state and the rest of the country to
discuss Wayne Allyn root the author of
the ultimate Obama Survival Guide joined
snow welcome their way so what would
switching to the gold standard what
would that do for the state of Texas
well first of all the gold stater be
great for the whole United States of
America but politicians will just never
allow it to happen it's a ron paul idea
it's a Rand Paul idea to Wayne root idea
and it's a governor rick perry idea and
I fall into those exact themes of
politicians I love those guys but
they're never going to let it happen Liz
because the gold standard limits the
imagination of politicians who love big
government who love big spending who
love big entitlements you love big
unions who to love big taxes you can't
spend money you don't have or print
money you don't have when you have a
gold standard so on a national basis I
think it would be fantastic for the
United States to go back on the gold
standard because all the problems of
America have occurred since 1971 when
richard nixon took us off the gold
standard that's when all the jan of this
country accumulated and all the obscene
spending and the obscene salaries and
government
tensions that are bankrupt in this
country now to Texas I mean Texas Liz
does everything right my book the
ultimate Obama survival guide actually
has a key chapter about the state of
Texas and how fantastic things are going
there they've got the best economy in
America they've now moved to the number
two size-wise economy in America it's
one of the 20 biggest economies in the
world and they've created more jobs in
the last ten years then all the other 40
United States combined they do things
right and they're right to be suspicious
of who's keeping their goal the Federal
Reserve in New York is it really there
can they get it when they need it in a
crisis that's what this new Texas gold
standard is all about bring the goal
that we own in Texas back to Texas let
us guard our own gold and take
possession of wrong goal to show that we
have stability in our state when a
business moves here and they want to
know about our stability Texas can show
them not only is the economy great but
we've got gold to back it up and it's in
our possession we know what it is now
going to ask you wayne critics of the
gold standard say that it limits
economic growth because there's only so
much gold as you said that you can't you
can't print off more gold so that seems
like a major downside to the system well
you know what the only thing that limits
economic growth turns out to be the
Federal Reserve it was I'll give you one
of the greatest stats of all time list
the federal reserve was founded in
nineteen thirteen and it's only goal was
to protect the value of the dollar and
since nineteen thirteen I'm the day the
Fed was founded the dollar is looks
ninety-six percent of its value better
staff than that even if you had a
million dollars in 1913 and I talked
about this in detail in my book the
ultimate Obama survival guide is you had
a million dollars in 1913 and you put it
in the bank maybe you've kept it in
dollars today will be worth forty
thousand dollars because it's gone down
ninety-six percent value if you put the
same million in gold in 1913 that same
gold that all these experts and
government bureaucrats and politicians
hey and try and tell you how terrible it
is it will be worth 87 million dollars
today so it's a difference in how
forty thousand or 87 million to leave
your kids and grandkids I think gold
turns out to be pretty darn good and
politicians turned out to be pretty darn
stupid bio your it sounds like you're a
huge advocate for this gold for this
gold standard I don't think you try to
make that it's a secret I do want to ask
you I want to get to this because not
too long ago we covered this petition
that was going around it was going
around several states but Texas will
really took BK it gained a lot of
popularity in the state of Texas this
petition to secede from the United
States and create its own government so
now the Texas switched over to the
system they would have their own
currencies so I know this is talking
like a long shot but if this were to
happen in in the state of Texas could
that feasibly make it more make it
possible for Texas to operate on its own
well I'll tell you what Liz it's a real
long shot I doubt it's ever going to
happen but if things get bad enough
under Obama in the next four years it
becomes a little bit less of a long shot
you never know how they actually back up
that threat with actually doing
something about it it will be a net loss
for America to the second biggest
economy in the United States of America
and in my book the ultimate Obama
survival guide actually quote an expert
about moving out of the United States
because taxes are so high the economy's
collapsing and declining and that
experts said you know what I don't think
you really have to move out of the
United States you could just move to the
greatest country in the United States
it's called Texas oh I think there's a
lot of people out there starting to feel
like Texas spoke getting sprites I know
a couple Texans myself and there they
are always really really proud Texans
enough ok no no exception there
appreciate you coming on the show we are
at a time that was Wayne Allyn root
author of the ultimate Obama survival
guide